The Galaxy class describes a galaxy in three-dimensional space.
When creating a galaxy instance, you can specify the following options:
- name of the galaxy;
- radius of the galaxy;
- the distribution limit of stars along the Z axis (how thick or thin the disk is);
- the beginning of the expansion of the galaxy disk;
- the number of stars in the galaxy;
- X axis coordinate of the center of the galaxy;
- Y axis coordinate of the center of the galaxy;
- Z axis coordinate of the center of the galaxy.

If these parameters are not specified, then a default galaxy instance will be created with the parameters:
default_RANGE_Z = 1000.0
default_R_GALAXY = 10000.0
default_KOL_STARS = 5000
default_START_EXPANSION = 30
default_DELTA_X = 0
default_DELTA_Y = 0
default_DELTA_Z = 0
When creating a galaxy instance, the coordinates of each of the stars are generated in polar coordinates.
Further, these coordinates are given through the transform_to_a_Cartesian_coordinate_system_XY() method to the Cartesian coordinate system.
The missing Z coordinate is generated separately through the point_sampling_Z() method, which implements two types of distribution of the Z coordinate:
1) Part of the galaxy disk before the start of expansion is generated by the formula z = (triangular (-self.range_z, self.range_z) + self.delta_z).
2) The rest of the disk is calculated using the up_down_range_z() method. This method achieves the effect of the expansion of stars closer to the center of the galaxy.

Closer to the center of the galaxy, stars are found less and less. There are no stars in the very center, as planned, there is a supermassive black hole. =)
Also in the class, the rotate_galaxy() method is implemented to rotate the entire galaxy around a given axis by a given angle through the rotation matrix.
The output of the galaxy image to the graph is carried out through the method of the build_a_graph() class. This method is able to display on one graph both one galaxy and several.

Using this class, you can create diverse types of galaxies and galaxy systems: in size, location in space, number of stars, the beginning of expansion, and disk thickness.
Each galaxy can be rotated around the X or Y axis at a given angle. You can create different collisions of two or more different galaxies.
